feat: add blog post for EmberData 4.12 LTS Update (#1307)
ember-learn/ember-blog: content/ember-data-4-12-special-release-update-2023-09-22.md

## SchemaRecord Update

We are in the early phases of building the replacement for `@ember-data/model`. As we've said before, we believe this replacement will provide an improved migration path from 4.12 to 5.x for many applications. We also believe it will replace the need for ModelFragments entirely for those users.

A few of the things we're currently working on to support this migration path:

- [Native Class Codemod for models](https://github.com/emberjs/data/issues/8884)
- [Strict Relationships Codemod](https://github.com/emberjs/data/issues/8893)
- [Replacement decorators for attr|belongsTo|hasMany](https://github.com/emberjs/data/issues/8887)

You can use the [v4-to-v5 label](https://github.com/emberjs/data/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Av4-to-v5) to see a full list of the things we're currently tracking to help with the v4 to v5 migration.

## A Parting Request

If your app is currently stuck on a 4.x version of EmberData for reasons beyond needing to resolve deprecations or usage of ModelFragments (we're coming for you still), we'd like to hear from you!
 

> For those users we see still downloading 3.x versions, we'd like to hear more about where you got stuck as well. Was it a particular deprecation in EmberData? In ember-source? Please open a ticket on https://github.com/emberjs/data or start a discusion in the #ember-data channel on [Discord](https://discord.gg/emberjs) to discuss.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For those users we see still downloading 3.x versions, we'd like to hear more about where you got stuck as well. Was it a particular deprecation in EmberData? In ember-source? Please open a ticket with [EmberData](https://github.com/emberjs/data) or start a discussion in the #ember-data channel on [Discord](https://discord.gg/emberjs) to discuss.
```

Reviewer: I'm just going to commit this since it's needed to fix lint.
